Then I added 2 new files.
A welcome.component.ts file and a welcome.component.html
file.
I added in the minimal amount of code needed
to make this component functional.
And I also omitted a selector because I know
this component is going to be appearing inside
our router-outlet.
Inside of my corresponding html file I added
a jumbotron which was taken from the bootstrap
website and slightly modified the text.
Along with the button in order to navigate
to our books route.
I then opened my app.module file and imported
my new WelcomeComponent and added it to my
list of declarations.
Inside my imports I added a new route here
with a path called welcome attaching to it
my WelcomeComponent.
I then modified my entry point and wildcard
to redirect to my welcome route.
Then inside my app.component html file, I
set my Home link to use my router and sending
the user to the welcome route.
With our new routing setup we are now able
to navigate from the welcome page to our books
list page.
So that does it for our basic routing setup,
in the next lecture we’ll discuss how to
send parameters to our route so that we can
navigate to single book pages.